# Using Assets  
## Understanding how your money is performing when you hold it as Interest  
##  **How to check how your money is performing**

The fastest way to check your Assets' performance is via the app.

  1. Log into your Wise account in the app 

  2. Go to your Balance or Jar held as Interest 

  3. Click on the **Interest** button 




The return you’ve made since switching is shown in green. This is how much your money has increased or decreased in value since you switched it to an interest-earning fund. Your return is updated every working day. The value of your balance will automatically increase by the same amount shown in green. 

### **How does it work?**

When you change your balance from cash to ‘Interest’ your money is invested in a Money Market Fund (MMF). This is a type of investment fund that invests in low-risk liquid assets. 

The returns generated by these assets are linked to the interest rate set by the central bank of the fund's currency. For example, a USD MMF will have a rate of return that broadly mirrors the interest rate set by the Federal Reserve (the US central bank), while a EUR MMF will have a rate of return that broadly mirrors the interest rate set by the European Central Bank (ECB). 

## **Standard and Accounting statements**

You can access your statements on your Wise account. 

  1. Log into your Wise account in the app 

  2. Go to your Balance or Jar held as Interest 

  3. Click on **More** and select **Statements and reports**

  4. Choose the type of statement you'd like to download.




In both statements there'll be a line above the last transaction called **Earnings since start**.

 **Earnings since start** shows you the difference between holding money as Interest vs. Cash since the day you started investing. 

If the price of the fund unit dropped since you invested your Balance or Jar, you may see a negative amount as **Earning since start**. 

### **Paying taxes on your money held as Interest**

Please note you may be liable to pay tax on any gains that are in excess of your relevant annual tax thresholds. 

Learn more about the taxes you might need to pay